README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Add documentation and update README

README.md, after:

# McMaster MedSprint 2025 Website
MedSprint2025 is a design-a-thon that brings students, professionals, and innovators together to create impactful, personalized solutions for community members with specific challenges. Over two days, participants will collaborate, learn, and design innovative ideas to tackle real-world problems faced by individuals in our community.

Official Website for MedSprint 2025, developed and maintained by the web development team at McMaster [MED-T](https://medt-website.vercel.app/).

### [Click Here to Sign Up](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeOBvqz2-K5rjymuYmJOIV3vBU3bArpq25kQ8_QKqJqGzlwAw/viewform)

### [Click Here to Checkout the Website](https://medsprint2025.vercel.app/)

## Running the Project:
First, run the development server:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Built With
<p align="left">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/next%20js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/shadcn%2Fui-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=shadcnui&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-CB3837?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node%20js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GIT-E44C30?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white">
</p>
